Welcome back! We've covered
so many security related
topics in detail.
Throughout this program,
we've discussed protecting
organizational assets and data,
and the tools and
procedures used to protect them.
We've also explored how to
communicate with stakeholders,
reliable sources to
help you stay up-to-date
on security news
and trends, and ways
to get involved with the
security community to help
establish and advance
your career in the field.
Now, we need to get
you prepared to find
a job as an entry-level
security analyst.
Security is a huge field
with countless job
opportunities.
By 2030, the U.S. Bureau
of Labor Statistics
expects the number
of security roles to
grow by more than 30%.
But how can you find the
right opportunity for you?
In the next several videos,
we'll discuss specific
strategies to help
you find and apply for
jobs in the industry,
including how to create
your resume and develop
rapport with interviewers.
We'll also cover how to
use the STAR method for
interviewing and how to
develop an elevator pitch.
I remember initially
being interested in
my role because
education is my passion.
Researching the security field
and industry in preparation for
my interviews cemented my
fascination for cybersecurity.
I'll be honest, I had taken
a lot of what security
does for granted.
Now, I feel incredibly
fortunate to be a part of
this industry and the exciting
opportunities it offers.
Now, it's time to
get you ready to
find security jobs.
Let's get started!